Initial proposal for visual redesign (#16)
osu-tournament-rating/otr-wiki: api/README.md

# o!TR API

> Welcome to the documentation of the otr-api. You can use this API to interact with o!TR and obtain various information about osu! tournaments and those who play them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Welcome to the documentation of the o!TR API project. You can use this API to obtain various information about osu! tournaments and those who play them. Please use the API with good intentions!
```

> At the moment, consider this documentation to be a permanent work in progress as we continue to refine o!TR while working towards an official release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the moment, consider this documentation to be in a state of constant evolution as we continue to refine our systems during this pre-release phase.
```

> If you encounter errors in this documentation or in the API, please check the [issues](https://github.com/osu-tournament-rating/otr-api/issues) section of the API repository. Alternatively you can bring up any concerns in the official [discord]().

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you encounter errors in this documentation or in the API, please check the [issues](https://github.com/osu-tournament-rating/otr-api/issues) section of the API repository for any existing bugs. If you don't find an existing issue, feel free to make one yourself! When in doubt, err on the side of issue creation.
```
